This is imc, the IMage Compiler, v4.3.

Requirements:
------------

- perl 5.004 or higher
- GD perl module, version 1.22 or higher (1.26 or higher needed
  for JPEG input/output, 2.15 or higher needed for GIF input/output).

Both of these can be obtained via the CPAN archives:
  http://www.perl.com/CPAN

Note that the GD perl module in turn requires some libraries (e.g. libgd,
libpng, zlib).  Those are described in the documentation of the GD perl
module.

Installation:
------------

Execute, in this directory:

  ./configure
  make
  make install

For 'make install', you need to have the right permissions to
write to the target directory.

You can then test imc before you install it with:

  make check

This compiles the imc examples in the example directory to
PNG files and compares them with the reference PNG files in
the example directory.  Note that especially the comparison can
take a while, because the PNGs are compared pixel by pixel.

Notes:

- The 'configure' script tries to find the perl interpreter; if
  is not in the path, you can provide it to the 'configure'
  script via the --with-perl option, e.g. --with-perl=/my-path/perl.

- The 'configure' script will also assume you want to use a C
  pre-processor on your input files and will try to find one.

  If you don't want to use a C pre-processor, give the option
  --disable-pp, or --enable-pp=no, to 'configure'.

- The default installation path is /usr/local, i.e. the script
  will then come in /usr/local/bin and the manual page in
  /usr/local/man.  This can be overridden via the --prefix option
  to 'configure', e.g. --prefix=/usr.

- For other options to 'configure', try './configure --help'.

- 'make clean' will remove the files that are made, but will
  not remove configuration files.

- 'make distclean' will clean up the distribution, removing all
  temporary files and configuration files.

Documentation:
-------------
This package contains, next to a manual page which will be
automatically installed, documentation in three formats (all in the
directory 'doc'):

 - imc.txt:
     ASCII file, containing a description of the use of the program
     (also described in the manual page) and the reference guide
     with the imc syntax.

 - imc.html:
     HTML file, containing the reference guide with the imc
     syntax.

 - imc.ref:
     ASCII file containing only the commands and their arguments,
     no explanation

These three files are not installed anywhere.  If you want to use
them, copy them to an appropriate place.

Overview of distribution files:
------------------------------

  AUTHORS	description of the authors
  COPYING	the GNU Public License (GPL)
  ChangeLog	detailed description of changes
  INSTALL	general GNU installation instructions
  Makefile.am	input file for Makefile.in, used by automake
  Makefile.in	input file for Makefile, used by configure
  NEWS		general description of changes (in terms of features)
  README	this file
  THANKS	thanks file
  Todo		list of things still to do (in later versions)
  acinclude.m4	macros for autoconf
  aclocal.m4	input file for autoconf
  configure	the configuration utility script
  configure.in	input file for configure, used by autoconf
  imc.1        	manual page
  make.cfg.in	input file for the configure stage
  imc.dist      source file for the imc program
  install-sh	installation utility script
  make.pl       Perl script used by make
  missing	installation utility script
  mkinstalldirs	installation utility script

  examples/Makefile.am	input file for Makefile.in, used by automake
  examples/Makefile.in	input file for Makefile, used by configure
  examples/*.imc	imc example input files
  examples/*.png	PNG images to be imported in examples
  examples/imcmp.pl	Perl script used by make (to compare PNGs)
  examples/rgb.txt	reference rgb.txt file for make check
  examples/ref/*.png.ref	reference PNG files (for make check)

  doc/Makefile.am	input file for Makefile.in, used by automake
  doc/Makefile.in	input file for Makefile, used by configure
  doc/imc.html     	documentation in HTML
  doc/imc.ref		list of the commands with their arguments
  doc/imc.txt      	documentation in ASCII

Bug reports:
-----------

Bugs should be reported to <Peter.Verthez@advalvas.be>.  Please include the
version of imc that you use.  You can find the version number
by executing 'imc -v'.  Better yet: only report bugs on the latest
version of imc...

